Detailed documentation (#22)
teamneusta/pimcore-http-cache-bundle: README.md

# Pimcore HTTP Cache Bundle

This bundle provides a simple way to handle cache invalidation for Pimcore elements. 

> The Bundle relies on the Symfony  [Http Cache Bundle](https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony/FOSHttpCacheBundle/) used to manage a reverse proxy http cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bundle relies on the [FOSHttpCacheBundle](https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony/FOSHttpCacheBundle/), which is used to manage a reverse proxy http cache.
```

## Documentation

You will find the detailed documentation in the following links:

* [Installation](doc/1-installation.md)
* [Configuration](doc/2-configuration.md)
* [Pimcore elements](doc/3-pimcore-elements.md)
* [Events](doc/4-events.md)
* [Additional tags](doc/5-additional-tags.md)
* [Cancel caching behavior](doc/6-cancel-caching-behavior.md)
* [Custom cache types](doc/7-custom-cache-types.md)
* [Disabling caching behavior](doc/8-disable-caching-behavior.md)
* [Error handling](doc/9-error-handling.md)
* [Contributing](doc/10-contributing.md)

We hope you will enjoy this bundle as much as we do. If you have any questions or suggestions, please feel free to open an issue on GitHub.

> This repository is maintained by [neusta](https://www.team-neusta.de//).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is maintained by [neusta](https://www.team-neusta.de/).
```
